The chinese zodiac assigns an animal and its reputed attributes to each year in a repeating 12-year cycle. The 12 year cycle itself is an approximate 11.86 year orbital period of Jupiter - the largest planet on our solar system. The chinese Zodiac has variations across East Asia including, China, South Korea, Japan, Mongolia, and Taiwan, and other countries found in Asia. 
The twelve signs include: the Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog, and Pig.
There are a total of 12 signs and 5 elements that correspond to the months of the year. It is a common misconception that the animals assigned by year are the only signs and many western descriptions of Chinese astrology draw solely on this system. In fact, there are also animal assigned by month, day, and hours. The Earth is all 12 signs and 5 seasons. Although one may appear to be a rat because they were born in the year of the rat they may very well also be a snake internally, Goat truly, and Ox secretively.

 

Those born under the rat have excellent taste, are motivated by money is ever curious and welcomes challenges. 

Those born under the Ox are steadfast, solid, goal and detail - oriented. Those born under the Tiger are controlling, are strong leaders, and self interested. 

The rabbit enjoy being around those they love. Usually popular due to their likelihood to avoid all conflict. 

The Dragon is an energetic, warmhearted, egotistical bunch, but they are good at ordering others around and leading in times of need. 

The Snake is seductive and dangerously smart - they rely on hard work and their intuition. 

The Horse love to wander about life they are zealous for travel.

Those born under the goat tend to enjoy spending time along and reflecting on their thoughts with a good book. 

Those born under the monkey thrive on having fun they are upbeat people and love listening yet somehow lack self-control. 

Those born under the rooster are practical, resourceful, observant, and straightforward.

Those born under the Dog are loyal just as man's best friend is in person. 

They are honest tempermental and prone to mood swings.

Those born under the Pig are extremely nice, civil, and filled with taste for the better things in life.


As of writing this the year of the Rooster. The year of the Dog starts February 16th 2018 - 24 days from today. 